Add build variations + refactor breaking-changes. (#3478)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/arguments-annotations-overview.md

| `--dapr-http-port` | `--dapr-http-port` | | not supported | The HTTP port for the Dapr API |
| `--dapr-http-max-request-size` | --dapr-http-max-request-size | | `dapr.io/http-max-request-size` | Increasing max size of request body http and grpc servers parameter in MB to handle uploading of big files. Default is `4` MB |
| `--dapr-http-read-buffer-size` | --dapr-http-read-buffer-size | | `dapr.io/http-read-buffer-size` | Increasing max size of http header read buffer in KB to handle when sending multi-KB headers. The default 4 KB.  When sending bigger than default 4KB http headers, you should set this to a larger value, for example 16 (for 16KB) |

> | not supported | `--image` | | `dapr.io/sidecar-image` | Dapr sidecar image. Default is `daprio/daprd:latest`. Use this when building your own custom image of Dapr and the Dapr sidecar will use this image instead of the default image. Also [to use alternative Dapr images]({{<ref "support-release-policy.md#build-variations" >}})  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| not supported | `--image` | | `dapr.io/sidecar-image` | Dapr sidecar image. Default is daprio/daprd:latest. The Dapr sidecar uses this image instead of the latest default image. Use this when building your own custom image of Dapr and or [using an alternative stable Dapr image]({{<ref "support-release-policy.md/#build-variations" >}}) |
```

> | not supported | `--image` | | `dapr.io/sidecar-image` | Dapr sidecar image. Default is daprio/daprd:latest. The Dapr sidecar uses this image instead of the latest default image. Use this when building your own custom image of Dapr and or [using an alternative stable Dapr image]({{<ref "support-release-policy.md/#build-variations" >}}) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| not supported | `--image` | | `dapr.io/sidecar-image` | Dapr sidecar image. Default is daprio/daprd:latest. The Dapr sidecar uses this image instead of the latest default image. Use this when building your own custom image of Dapr and or [using an alternative stable Dapr image]({{<ref "support-release-policy.md#build-variations" >}}) |
```
